This example illustrates the new ISA (iterated spherical atoms)
module, and also the MULTIPOLES module which calculates distributed
multipoles from the ISA results, and the DISPLAY module, which can
generate isodensity surfaces for the whole molecule or for individual
ISA atoms. The latter can be used as input to the Orient programs to
display the surfaces.

The example applies the ISA method to the CO2 molecule, using the
Dunning aug-cc-pVTZ basis. The cluster file is CO2-isa.clt, but it
needs a little editing: please replace "${CAMCASP}" in the cluster file
(which the program doesn't understand) with the full path name of your
CamCASP main directory (e.g. "camcasp-5.8").

Then the job submission command is

$ runcamcasp.py CO2 --clt CO2-isa.clt -d avtz-isa --direct -q bg

Results should appear in the avtz-isa/OUT directory. The directory
output contains our results for this example.

The program output in avtz-isa/OUT/CO2.out contains the results of the
ISA procedure, followed by multipole moments calculated from the ISA
densities. These multipole moments are what we now recommend, but the
output also contains results from the GDMA program, both the original
version ("Standard DMA") and the modified version, with the switch
parameter set to 4.0. (See the gdma documentation in
camcasp-5.8/docs/gdma_manual.pdf.)

The avtz-isa/OUT directory also contains information about the ISA
weight functions for each atom, and grids describing the isodensity
surfaces for the molecule (CO2_1.00E-03_iso.grid) and for each atom
(AIM-isosurface_<atom>.grid.) These are all calculated at an electron
density of 0.001 a.u.

